Grammar pass on docs (#17735)
netdata/netdata: docs/category-overview-pages/machine-learning-and-assisted-troubleshooting.md

# Machine Learning and Anomaly Detection

> In order to help you troubleshoot scenarios where anomalies and unexpected behavior occurs on your infrastructure, Netdata provides the following Machine Learning features:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Netdata provides advanced Machine Learning features to help you identify and troubleshoot anomalies and unexpected behavior in your infrastructure before they become critical issues:
```
